Prepare release 0.1.0-beta2 'Donde comen dos, comen tres' (#811)
NLnetLabs/cascade: Changelog.md

  @ximon18)
- Add inline table example to policy template. ([#720] by @jpmens)

### Acknowledgements

> Thanks once again to @jpmens for testing Cascade and providing valuable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to @jpmens and @gryphius for testing Cascade and providing valuable
```
